Add submitting guidelines from grass-wiki (#2765)
OSGeo/grass: doc/development/submitting/wxGUI.md

which is invoking it.

## Writing the code

Do not use print command unless you know what you are doing.

Use `wx.ID_ANY` instead of `-1`.

Use `GError`, `GWarning` and `GMessage` instead of `wx.MessageBox()`

Do not use `grass.run_command()` or `grass.read_command()`. Use functions and
classes which use threads such as `RunCommand`.

When using `AddGrowableCol` and/or `AddGrowableRow` with sizers, put it after
adding widgets into the sizer, not just after creating of the sizer (needed for
wxPython >= 2.9).

For translatable strings use underscore:

```py
_("User visible text")
```

The underscore function must be explicitly imported:

```py
from core.utils import _
```

## Testing

## See also

### Related submitting rules

- [wiki:Submitting/General](/grass/wiki/Submitting/General) general GRASS and
  svn instructions
- [wiki:Submitting/Python](/grass/wiki/Submitting/Python) Python library and
  scripts related instructions which applies to wxGUI too if not stated otherwise
- [wiki:Submitting/Docs](/grass/wiki/Submitting/Docs) user documentation of
  modules and GUI

### GRASS GIS documentation

- Sphinx Pages about how to develop wxGUI:

>   [​http://grass.osgeo.org/grass71/manuals/wxgui/](http://grass.osgeo.org/grass71/manuals/wxgui/)
> - Wiki Pages about how to develop wxGUI: [​http://grasswiki.osgeo.org/wiki/WxGUI](http://grasswiki.osgeo.org/wiki/WxGUI)
> - GRASS Trac wiki has pages about the state of wxGUI development:
>   [​http://trac.osgeo.org/grass/wiki/wxGUIDevelopment](http://trac.osgeo.org/grass/wiki/wxGUIDevelopment)
> - GRASS Programming manual for C API and existing classes:
>   [​http://grass.osgeo.org/programming7/wxpythonlib.html](http://grass.osgeo.org/programming7/wxpythonlib.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [​https://grass.osgeo.org/grass-stable/manuals/wxgui/](https://grass.osgeo.org/grass-stable/manuals/wxgui/)
- Wiki Pages about how to develop wxGUI: [​https://grasswiki.osgeo.org/wiki/WxGUI](https://grasswiki.osgeo.org/wiki/WxGUI)
- GRASS Trac wiki has pages about the state of wxGUI development:
  [​https://trac.osgeo.org/grass/wiki/wxGUIDevelopment](https://trac.osgeo.org/grass/wiki/wxGUIDevelopment)
- GRASS Programming manual for C API and existing classes:
  [​https://grass.osgeo.org/programming8/](https://grass.osgeo.org/programming8/)
```
